
"Node Central" - How configuration changes are applied
------------------------------------------------------
The overall concept of the setup is to take UI data to update the
/etc/default/ovirt file (through the classes in config/defaults.py) and to
apply these changes using transactions (which can be retrieved using the
transaction() methods).


Paths
-----

config: This folder contains modules related to config files
        E.g. the configured IPv4 Address, NTP server ...
config/defaults.py: This module can be used to modify /etc/default/ovirt
config/network.py: This module can be used to modify resolv.conf/ntp.conf ...

utils: This folder contains classes which don't modify config files but provide
       runtime-informations (e.g. current ip, storage devices)

setup: Page-Plugins for the setup

installer: Page-Plugins for the installer


Why wrapping ovirtfunctions?
----------------------------

There are two main reasons why to wrap the functions from ovirtfunctions:
Testing and (preparation for) Refactoring.

ovirtfunctions is currently not checkable by pylint, pyflakes, or pep8,
therefor utils/*.py should be written so cleanly that it is checkable.
Inline comments can be used in these clean files to suppress occssional
problems (like an unresolved import, due to an invalid path or so). That
means in a different (relative) path compared to their later runtime
position).

Another side effect of putting wrapping the code in utils/*.py is, that
code-completion works quite well in eclipse - which shall help to write less
erroneous code (so to prevent simple typos).

Besides that, the wrapping can - and shall - be used to make parts of the code
object-oriented, which is just a reorganisation of existing code into logical
units. Tjis makes sense because our codebase covers a wide range of topics,
and organizing helps newbies and to write unit tests.
And last but not least the reorganization should be used to rmove some
redundant bits.

The advantages of clean code can be seen when you run

  $ make check-local

in the src/ directory.
Which runs, pylint, pyflakes, pep8 and doctests.


Where can I put $XYZ?
---------------------

utils/ should mainly contain functions or classes about runtime
    informations.

config/ should contain code which handles config files
    (resolv.conf /etc/default/ovirt)

(See also the beginning of this document)
